schedule.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Schedule
permalink: /registration/
navigation_weight: 2
lang: en
ref: schedule
---

Participate in BSides CDMX by attending or think about a topic for the ***Call for Papers*** or the ***Call for Workshops*** that you could present. This event is created and maintained by you and all the community and in order to make this happen we need your help!

Although this is a free event, we are limited by the gauging of the venue. Therefore, we strongly encourage you to get your tickets previously. Take into consideration that this is a Security conference build by and for the community; we have no problem with anyone who wish to attend the venue, however it is important to allow the information security community to attend since they are the people who can best benefit from this event. **So, if you are not part of the infosec community, please wait until the due date to register.**

Tickets will be available via Eventbrite. If you don't have an account please register for one.

<center>
<div style="width:195px; text-align:center;" ><iframe  src="https://www.eventbrite.es/countdown-widget?eid=46003210842" frameborder="0" height="466" width="195" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" scrolling="no" allowtransparency="true"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:12px; padding:10px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:195px; text-align:center;" ><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #ADB0B6; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.es/">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div>
</center>

Also, you can support BSides CDMX and everything we get will be used to sponsor the event only. You can support BSides CDMX directly on the Welcome pannel at the venue. ;) 

### Event details
***When & where:*** Friday June 22nd, 2018 at Universidad Iberoamericana

<div id="map" style="width:600px;height:400px;background:white"></div>
<script>
	function initMap() {
		var location = {lat: 19.370367, lng: -99.263951};
		var map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById('map'), {
			zoom: 15,
			center: location
		});
		var marker = new google.maps.Marker({
			position: location,
			map: map
		});
	}
</script>
<script async defer
	src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=AIzaSyCTNdMtg7T1tzmGaphNDlMD6SsDFPcOqEs&callback=initMap">
</script>

### Conference Agenda
***Details on talks will be made available once the final line up has been selected.***

### Workshop Agenda
***Details for workshops will be made available once they have been selected and confirmed.***

Commit message:

Modified some text and added font awesome (#1)
* Modified some text and added font awesome

* Fixed doble dependencies, updated font awesome and dependency order

schedule.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Schedule
permalink: /registration/
navigation_weight: 2
lang: en
ref: schedule
---

At the moment ***Call for Papers*** and ***Call for Workshops*** are closed. We will publish the final agenda very soon so you can plan your visit to the event.

Although this is a free event, we are limited by the gauging of the venue. Therefore, we strongly encourage you to get your tickets previously. Take into consideration that this is a Security conference build by and for the community; we have no problem with anyone who wish to attend the venue, however it is important to allow the information security community to attend since they are the people who can best benefit from this event. **So, if you are not part of the infosec community, please wait until the due date to register.**

Tickets will be available via Eventbrite. If you don't have an account please register for one.

<center>
<div style="width:195px; text-align:center;" ><iframe  src="https://www.eventbrite.es/countdown-widget?eid=46003210842" frameborder="0" height="466" width="195" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" scrolling="no" allowtransparency="true"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:12px; padding:10px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:195px; text-align:center;" ><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #ADB0B6; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.es/">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div>
</center>

Also, you can support BSides CDMX and everything we get will be used to sponsor the event only. You can support BSides CDMX directly on the Welcome pannel at the venue. ;) 

### Event details
***When & where:*** Friday June 22nd, 2018 at Universidad Iberoamericana

<div id="map" style="width:600px;height:400px;background:white"></div>
<script>
	function initMap() {
		var location = {lat: 19.370367, lng: -99.263951};
		var map = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById('map'), {
			zoom: 15,
			center: location
		});
		var marker = new google.maps.Marker({
			position: location,
			map: map
		});
	}
</script>
<script async defer
	src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key=AIzaSyCTNdMtg7T1tzmGaphNDlMD6SsDFPcOqEs&callback=initMap">
</script>

### Conference Agenda
***Details on talks will be made available once the final line up has been selected.***

### Workshop Agenda
***Details for workshops will be made available once they have been selected and confirmed.***
